20.0-section20-overview.md
SECTION 20 — TERMS AND CONCEPTS
From OMB Circular No. A–11 (2016), Section 20

Table of Contents
20.1 What is the purpose of this section?
20.2 How do I use this section?
20.3 What special terms must I know?
20.4 What do I need to know about budget authority?
(a) Definition of budget authority
(b) Forms of budget authority
(c) Period of availability of budget authority
(d) Determining the amount of budget authority
(e) Discretionary or mandatory and permanent or current budget authority
(f) Unobligated balance
(g) Obligated balance
(h) Reappropriation
(i) Rescissions and cancellations
(j) Transfer
(k) Transfer in the estimates
(l) Allocation
20.5 When should I record obligations and in what amounts?
20.6 What do I need to know about outlays?
20.7 What do I need to know about governmental receipts, offsetting collections, and offsetting receipts?
(a) Overview
(b) Governmental receipts
(c) General information about offsets to budget authority and outlays
(d) Offsetting collections
(e) Offsetting receipts
(f) Receipt accounts and expenditure accounts
(g) User charges
(h) Means of financing
20.8 What do I need to know about cash-equivalent transactions?
20.9 What do I need to know about refunds?
20.10 What do I need to know about advances?
20.11 What do I need to know about accounts and fund types?
20.12 What do I need to know about reimbursable work?
Ex–20 Transfers of Budgetary Resources among Federal Government Accounts

Summary of Changes
Clarifies that when general fund payments are used to finance trust fund outlays to the public, the associated trust fund receipts are netted at the bureau level to prevent double counting in the bureau totals (section 20.6).
Moves the section on discretionary spending, mandatory spending and PAYGO to the new scoring section 21 (old section 20.9).
Clarifies the usage of management funds (section 20.11).